Add link to submission for, to publish extensions in the marketplace (#163)
docker/extensions-sdk: docs/tutorials/initialize.md

docker extension dev reset my-extension
```

## Submit your extension to the marketplace

> If you want to make your extension available to all Docker Desktop users, you can submit it for publication in the marketplace. See details [here](../extensions/DISTRIBUTION.md#publish-your-extension-in-the-marketplace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make your extension available to all Docker Desktop users, you can submit it for publication in the Marketplace. For more information, see [Publish your extension in the Marketplace](../extensions/DISTRIBUTION.md#publish-your-extension-in-the-marketplace).
```
